We read the body as well as also speak it to you, but always there is three central columns of the
visualizations, and many of you know that.
And those are known as clarity, purity, and stabilization.
These three are the central columns to keep up the quality, authenticity of the visualization
meditation.
And the first one is clarity, clarity, clarity, or clarity. That means trying to keep up every
detail of the visualization of the particle this time, Dorje Drolo.
Dorje Drolo visualizations, every detail is there. And to break that visualization, what any
teaching says, look to the good Thampas, very good Thampas.
Or put yourself, put your cards, cards of Dorje Drolo, stare into that Dorje Drolo, put that right
in front of your table and stare into that, for maybe one minute or whatever.
And after that close eye, close eye and see how that is clear.
And also when you look and particularly look staring to the face of Dorje Drolo, staring to the
face of that, trying to break the clear image of the face first.
When that comes, quite clearly, then to the part of the body and kind of focus more on the body.
When that comes, now the head and the body come quite clearly and now look kind of concentrated, I
think the same way staring to the like throne of the Dorje Drolo.
That which means Tigris and all that, look into that. And then again look to all everything and
stare for a minute or not a second or whatever you can do.
A corner in there and close eye and see this, this, staring there.
And that is what is known as, that will help to bring the clarification, clarity of the visual
izations.
This is not just a Dorje Drolo, any deity, any Buddha can really do that.
That's the way, the authentic, good, thanga or the putjaka look to that.
So that is really about the clarity, clarity.
And then second is the purity.
Purity means, this Dorje Drolo, what we visualize looks like, I mean of course it appears as very r
uffled, peaceful and very kind of like,
it looks like I mean even we use word as angry kind of all that.
It's thought, as we say it. Dorje Drolo started with this original thing, started, come from clear,
emptiness, blessfulness.
That is what is it, it's a compassion, loving kindness, wisdom, that combined into a very disfones.
Fones. So this is not just a kind of neurotic, kind of aggressive.
And ego's notions that ego clearly made will think, think is nothing to do with that.
It's total beauty. What it does, it is immediately directly resubduing, knocking the head of the
ego.
Ego structure, demolishing the ego structure, bring the equanimity, understanding, realizations.
There for general whole visualization is known as the spatial antidote to immediately reduce the ha
bble patterns of the egos.
It is renowned, that's what the visualization is, knocking the habble, short patterns of the ego's
meaning.
At this time, then Dorje Drolo appeared with joy. So it's pure, it's pure and it's simple to tell.
Again another terminology in the Buddha teaching, it is a wisdom, it is a compassion, it is a
loving kindness.
That's it, all that. And whole displays in that. So bring that realization.
When we don't meditate Dorje Drolo, we don't have, don't feel the emotions.
The anger, anger, this and that thing. Bring more calm, peace and joy, more appreciation, more
relaxed, more openness.
That's what, again, we went yesterday, nine moods.
What is the three moods of the heart, of the mind of Dorje Drolo?
Go on, compassion and peace and profound vastness, that is what the Dorje Drolo is.
So bring that knowledge, that and not delude by the egos and with emotion, subject and object and
all of that.
Everything is a purity state, purity state. So that is really about purity.
So clear purities.
Then third one is a stabilization. Stable. Stable means good, concentrated meditations.
Stable. That means, again, that means to keep up that.
One in the Vajrayana teaching, you see. Vajraya pride. Vajraya pride. Vajraya pride.
Vajraya pride means we, you are going to feel 100% Dorje Drolo.
You are 100% Dorje Drolo. I have meditated. We are not going to think, I am kind of pretending as
Dorje Drolo.
Or I try to Dorje Drolo. Those are the ego tricks. Those are the habit patterns of the dualities.
It is undermining the quality of our meditation.
Be in that state with confidence, with fearlessness.
Fearlessness. And we have the Vajraya pride.
That means, our Buddha nature, your Buddha nature, my Buddha nature, everyone's Buddha nature,
is the same Buddha nature with the Buddha kyatyamuni and the GURUPYAMASAMU.
There is no difference at all in the teaching state.
As it is, being in that state, why have to be timid to be there?
I am not pretending this and that. These are ego tricks.
This time we have to maintain full that I am that state.
100% the one. That state. We Dorje Drolo's state. So that is known as stability.
These three are the central column, or the essential column of the visualizations, meditations.
So that we have that understanding.